feat: provide links to original docs (#85)
Stedi/registry: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Welcome to Registry contributing guide

Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project! Any contribution you make will be reflected on [stedi.com/registry/json-schemas](https://www.stedi.com/registry/json-schemas) :sparkles:. 

In this guide you will get an overview of the contribution workflow from creating a provider, creating a PR, reviewing, and merging the PR.

### Adding a provider

> To add a new provider, please create a new file in the `src/providers` repository. The file name should be the provider name + `.ts` suffic, and the file should contain the logic to fetch the provider data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new provider, please create a new file in the `src/providers` repository. The file name should be the provider name + `.ts` suffix, and the file should contain the logic to fetch the provider data.
```

> If your provider exposing their API using OpenAPI or Swagger, you can use following template to automate this process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your provider exposes their API using OpenAPI or Swagger, you can use the following template to automate this process:
```

```ts
import { OpenAPIProvider } from "./openapi";

export class MyCompanyNewProvider extends OpenAPIProvider {
  constructor() {
    super({
      name: "MyCompany",
      logoUrl: "https://logo.clearbit.com/my-company.com",
      description:
        "My Company is a company...",
      versions: ["v1"],
      baseUrl: "https://docs.my-company.com/meta/v1/openapi.json",
    });
  }
}
```

> Please also add your provider to the `src/providers/index.ts` file.

Reviewer: What about providers.json?

Author: It's autogenerated, logic in the previous PR

Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project! Any contribution you make will be reflected on [stedi.com/registry/json-schemas](https://www.stedi.com/registry/json-schemas) :sparkles:.

In this guide you will get an overview of the contribution workflow from creating a provider, creating a PR, reviewing, and merging the PR.

### Adding a provider

To add a new provider, please create a new file in the `src/providers` repository. The file name should be the provider name + `.ts` suffix, and the file should contain the logic to fetch the provider data.

> If your provider is exposing their API using OpenAPI or Swagger, you can use the following template to automate this process:

Reviewer 2: Minor nit: what if my provider is not exposing either OpenAPI or Swagger?
